# My Plans

The three main values I will aim for as a Student President of Computer Science
are _support_, _accessibility_, and _accountability_. I aim to improve the
School with respect to these qualities during my time as President.

## Lecture Recordings

Some students are unable to make lectures. There is an innumerable count of
reasons that could cause absences. The department has the equipment and the
know-how to record lectures. Recording lectures would improve the quality of
experience for a number of currently-disadvantaged individuals. Yet lectures are
not recorded.

I have heard many points for both sides of the argument, and I believe that the
value of improving students' education is overwhelmingly more valuable than any
of the disadvantages holding back the move to recording. I am adamant in my
belief that Computer Science lectures should be recorded, and I will consider my
presidency a failure if the majority of lectures hosted in the John Honey and
Jack Cole buildings are not recorded by the end of my term.

## Support for Students

Students of Computer Science undergo times of immense pressure due to large,
regular deadlines. This is not unique to the department, but it is nevertheless
considered by many to be integral to the School.

I believe that more could be done for those who feel the pressure. The work
done by previous Presidents (such as the Lab Demonstrators) are a great effort
in the name of support, and I feel that similar effort in the areas of managing
high workload and mental health would greatly benefit the student body.

## Departmental Accountability

Sometimes, the department does something badly. That's fine - understandable,
even. Students being left in the dark about what's being done to fix the problem
is annoying, stressful, and unnecessary.

I plan on drafting a "late schedule" with the Directors of the department. This
schedule would be composed of instructions to be followed in the event of a
scheduled deadline not being met. The events listed would involve describing
with increased detail the fault that caused the lateness, the effort being made
by the department to ameliorate the issue, and, in more extreme circumstances,
the plan-of-action to ensure similar deadlines in the future are not missed.

The various module evaluation questionnaires are a useful resource for improving
the school, however I believe that students lack motivation to participate fully
in questionnaires since the effects are often publicised quietly or are indeed
non-existent. I want to make clearer the line between submitting feedback to the
department, and the effect it has on operation. I believe that a feeling of
empowerment is very important for feedback to be effective.

# Why You Should Vote for Me

## Benefits to the Student Body

## Benefits to the Staff

## Benefits to You

## Benefits to Me
